WHAT IS HTML:

HTML provides the structure of a website 


A front end devolper builds the "gateway to the product" (product being a webpage and the services therein): The Face of the Website, What clients using the website actually interact with.

Checkout Shoptalk Podcast with Chris Coyier

Use no spaces in file names. If spaces must be used, use-dashes, not_underscores.
	(e.g.	web-project.txt      NOT     web_project.txt)



WHAT IS THE ROLE OF HTML ("Hypertext Markup Language")?:

index.html is the file that will contain the homepage content

images is the folder that will contain all the images on the site

styles is the folder that will contain all the css styling code. (e.g. the coloration of text, 		background, etc.)

scripts is the folder that will contain the JavaScript code. Useable buttons, clickable links and 
	general interactive functionality.

html code provides paths to files in various locations, so that the website knows where to 		look to find specific files.




WHAT IS THE ROLE OF CSS ("Cascading Stylesheets")?:

CSS is a stylesheet language. It lets you apply styles selectively to files within an HTML 		document.

	An Example of a CSS Rule Set is:

		p {
		  color: red;
		}

P is the HTML Selector. Different values select different things.

color is the property

red is the property value

color: red;  is the Declaration

					SYNTAX

	Each Rule Set aside from the selector must be wrapped in curly brackets. {}
	
	A colon : seperates the property from its values

	A semicolon ; seperates one declaration from another

e.g.            p {
 		 color: red;
 		 width: 500px;
  		 border: 1px solid black;
		}

Multiple Selectors can be used at once, seperated by commas.
e.g.		p, li, h1 {
 		 color: red;
 		 width: 500px;
  		border: 1px solid black;
		}


Anything in a CSS document between /* and */ is a CSS comment, which the browser ignores when it renders the code. This is a place for you to write helpful notes on what you are doing
	
	



WHAT IS THE ROLE OF JAVASCRIPT?:

JavaScript is the programming language that you use to add interactive features to your website. Some examples could be games, things that happen when buttons are pressed or data is entered in forms, dynamic styling effects, animation, and much more.

Putting JavaScript near the bottom of the HTML page is a good idea; because HTML files are  		loaded in the order they're written. If JavaScript is loaded first it may cause the page 	 to break.

variables are containers that you store values in.
	staret by declaring a variable with (var) followed by a name for that variable.


